Meeting Minutes - Eleventh Meeting
Date: Wednesday 3rd December 2025 
Time: 13:00pm till 14:00pm
Location: Online

Attendees to attend: 
Charlotte Smale-Holland (19313496)
Ryan Hogan (19390270)
Gauthier Lihau (19207032)
Gonzalez Rodrigues (19271262) 	

Progress Since Previous Meeting (State of Completed Actions)
We have all created our Behaviour and Structural Models for each sub-system. 
We have written our group report regarding the Applied Software Engineering project. 
Each of us have written our individual reports for the project. 
We have all finalised our Software Engineering diagrams on Papyrus, and committed the changes to GitHub.
We have started creating the System Architecture Model for the whole Union system, combining all the sub-systems together. 

Cross-checking the Behaviour/Structural Models:
Regarding Ryan’s diagram, Charlotte has noticed that the behavioural diagram looks almost consistent. However, he is unable to make improvements to the diagram because it is frozen. 
Regarding Gauthier’s diagram, Ryan and Gonzales cannot see any improvements to the behavioural diagram that need to be made. 
Regarding Gonzalez's diagram, Charlotte noticed confusion as the lifeline bars are overlapping. We also noticed that he has used a couple of the wrong type of arrows. Also, the Papyrus program on Gonzalez’s pc’s seems to have a bug as it’s not showing task 5B correctly on his pc.
Regarding Charlotte’s diagram, everyone could not see any big improvements that need to be made. However, she will check it with the lecturer. 

The Progress of the Team Work Report:
Charlotte has written the majority of the team work report, but the last section of the report still needs to be improved. 

Discuss the Progress of the Whole System Architecture Model:
So far, most of us have worked on the whole System Architecture model. However, Charlotte is going to finalise the system architecture this week before Friday. 

Uploading the Software Engineering Project:
Charlotte has reminded everyone about the process of uploading the Software Architecture, as potentially we will be using the 2 week extension. 
She has told the module leader we are using the extension, just in case something goes badly wrong on Friday. 

Actions to take place after the meeting:
Finish all of the individual reports for the software engineering diagrams. 
We will ensure that all our finalised diagrams are saved as PNG images and committed to github. 
Finalise the group report for the project. 
Charlotte will make final modifications to the system architecture model. 
Issues to be solved:
We haven’t got any issues that need to be resolved. 
