Meeting Agenda - Eleventh Meeting
Date: Wednesday 3rd December 2025 
Time: 13:00pm till 14:00pm
Location: Online

Attendees to attend: 
Charlotte Smale-Holland (19313496)
Ryan Hogan (19390270)
Gauthier Lihau (19207032)
Gonzalez Rodrigues (19271262) 

Progress Since Previous Meeting (State of Completed Actions)
We have all created our Behaviour and Structural Models for each sub-system. 
We have written our group report, regarding the Applied Software Engineering project. 
Each of us have written our individual reports for the project. 
We have all finalised our Software Engineering diagrams on Papyrus, and committed the changes to GitHub.
We have started creating the System Architecture Model for the whole Union system, combining all the sub-systems together. 

Cross-checking the Behaviour/Structural Models:
As we have all created the behaviour models, we will cross-check them. Therefore, we can provide recommendations for improvements. 
We will also cross-check each other’s structural models for each sub-system. 

The Progress of the Team Work Report:
Charlotte will explain the progress of writing the team work report to everyone, so that we all have the same understanding. 

Discuss the Progress of the Whole System Architecture Model:
We will discuss the progress of the whole Software Architecture models, while planning the upcoming stages of completing the model. 

Uploading the Software Engineering Project:
Charlotte is going to remind everyone about the process of uploading the Software Architecture, as potentially we will be using the 2 week extension. 

Actions to take place after the meeting:
We will all finalise our diagrams for our Software Engineering diagrams, including individual and group diagrams/models. 
We will all finalise our individual report for the Software Engineering project. 

Issues to be solved:
Discuss any confusion and uncertainties related to the collaborative project. 
Identify any issues that require further clarification from the lecturer or through additional research. 
