Meeting Minutes - Tenth Meeting
Date: Wednesday 26th November 2025 
Time: 13:00pm till 14:00pm
Location: Online

Attendees to attend: 
Charlotte Smale-Holland (19313496)
Ryan Hogan (19390270)
Gauthier Lihau (19207032)
Gonzalez Rodrigues (19271262) 

Progress Since Previous Meeting (State of Completed Actions)
We have all created our individual software architectural models for each subsystem,  so we can bring them all together for the whole software architecture model.
We improved the structural models, regarding the cross-checking from the previous meeting. 
Individually, we created the draft versions of the behaviour models. 

Cross-checking the Behaviour/Activity models:
We are still currently improving the models from last week. 
However, we noticed that Gonzalez has not displayed service components correctly in the Cloud. 
Most of us have not managed to work on the Behaviour diagrams, so we will cross-check them next week instead. 

Planning the teamwork report:
In pairs, each of us is going to work on separate sections of the report. 
“Team Collaboration Mechanisms and Facilities” section - Charlotte and Gonzalez 
“Team Operations Summary” - Ryan and Gaurhier

Discuss the Whole System Architecture Model:
Charlotte and Ryan have suggested that each of us create our software architecture diagrams again within the same Papyrus project. 
However, some of the components/interfaces will get new names, due to duplications between each of the subsystems’ individual models. 
We will all meet at 10 am face-to-face next week in Headington, so we can connect the architecture models. Gauhier has offered to sort out a room booking in the library. 

Actions to take place after the meeting:
We will finalise the Behaviour models based on the feedback from the cross-checking on the draft version. 
We will finalise our diagrams for the Software Engineering Project. 
We will write our individual reports 
We will work on the group report collaboratively. 

Issues to be solved:
We have faced a couple of issues with understanding the behaviour diagrams, so we will do some research on how we will implement them. 

Date/Time of the following meeting - Wednesday 3rd December 2025 (13:00pm till 14:00pm)



